{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana-Bold;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red213\green213\blue213;\red38\green38\blue38;\red0\green0\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue128;\red0\green0\blue233;\red253\green177\blue116;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c86667\c86667\c86667;\cssrgb\c19608\c19608\c19608;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;
\csgray\c57415;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c93333;\cssrgb\c100000\c74902\c52941;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs44 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Sequencing
\f1\fs2 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\qc\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://web.archive.org/web/20200129120429/http://ljunggrenaudio.com/products/sequencing.html#penta"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\fs44 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \shad\shadx20\shady-20\shadr20\shado255 \shadc0 Penta}}
\f0\fs44 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2     {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://web.archive.org/web/20200129120429/http://ljunggrenaudio.com/products/sequencing.html#vcseq"}}{\fldrslt \shad\shadx20\shady-20\shadr20\shado255 \shadc0 VC Sequencer}}    {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://web.archive.org/web/20200129120429/http://ljunggrenaudio.com/products/sequencing.html#trigxp"}}{\fldrslt \shad\shadx20\shady-20\shadr20\shado255 \shadc0 Trig Xpander}}
\f1\fs2 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf4 \cb3 \'a0\cb1 \
\cb3 \'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://web.archive.org/web/20200129120429/http://ljunggrenaudio.com/products/VCSEQ/VCSEQ.png"}}{\fldrslt \cf6 \strokec6 \
}}\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs40 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 VC Sequencer
\f1\b0\fs2 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \'a0
\f1\fs2 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://web.archive.org/web/20200129120429/http://ljunggrenaudio.com/vcsequencer.pdf"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\fs34 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \shad\shadx20\shady-20\shadr20\shado255 \shadc0 Download assembly manual for v1.5 here. (3.5MB)}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://web.archive.org/web/20200129120429/http://ljunggrenaudio.com/products/VCSEQ/vcsequencer1.3.pdf"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\fs34 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \shad\shadx20\shady-20\shadr20\shado255 \shadc0 Download assembly manual for v1.3 here. (2.7MB)}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \'a0
\f1\fs2 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Compact 8-step sequential voltage source in 10hp with classic forward/backward operation using a clock, and any kind of pattern you like using control voltage levels scaled to each step of the sequencer, allowing the waveform you feed it with to determine the running pattern.
\f1\fs2 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \'a0
\f1\fs2 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Examples of this would be a ramp to make it go forward, saw to go backward, triangle for pendulum, S&H'd noise for random etc. You could also use another sequencer's pattern to control the pattern of the VC Sequencer, the possibilities for exploration are many.
\f1\fs2 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \'a0
\f1\fs2 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 All low latency CMOS and Opamp circuitry. No software or micro processors.
\f1\fs2 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \'a0
\f1\fs2 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 It can 
\f2\b keep sync above audio rates
\f0\b0 . Overall latency on version 1.3 is ca 5us (0.005ms) until the step changes + up to ca 10us (0.01ms) to change the volt (bigger change = longer time).
\f1\fs2 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \'a0
\f1\fs2 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 In version 1.3 the CV mode got an improvement allowing it to reach thru 
\f2\b the whole audio range
\f0\b0 . Effectively extending the VC Sequencers funtionality into also being a 
\f2\b 3 bit hands on waveshaper
\f0\b0 .
\f1\fs2 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \'a0
\f1\fs2 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 In FWD/REV mode the CV/Clock input use a schmitt trigger that turns from low to high at ca 2.5V and from high to low at ca 2.3V (a window of 0.2V or 200mV), the same window applies to the Reset input.
\f1\fs2 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \'a0
\f1\fs2 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 In CV mode the CV/Clock input use a set of 7 schmitt triggers with a window of ca 10-15 mV (0.01-0.015V). The first step don't need it's own schmitt trigger. Each step is separated by ca 0.625V.
\f1\fs2 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl20\partightenfactor0

\fs2 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \'a0
\f1\fs2 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Expanders will offer chaining of 2 VC Sequencers for 16 step operation and unlimited extra parallel channels of CV or gate/trig, for example our first expander that have individual gate or trig outs for each step in 4hp. The 16 step expander will add an extra latency and lower the maximum clock frequency in 16-step mode.
\f1\fs2 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \'a0
\f1\fs2 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 The 16 step expander will be released eventually but we can't promise when.
\f1\fs2 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \'a0
\f1\fs2 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 The 
\f2\b VC Sequencer Kit
\f0\b0  contains 3 PCBs to be populated with components. It might not be suitable for one of your very first builds as it is a little larger build and there are connections between PCB's.
\f1\fs2 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \'a0
\f1\fs2 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Kits comes supplied with PCB, front panel (PCB material), component kit, knobs, power cable and mounting screws. Solder and tools are not supplied.
\f1\fs2 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \'a0
\f1\fs2 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs30 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Grayscale panels
\f0\b0  as long as stock lasts: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://web.archive.org/web/20200129120429/http://grayscale.info/panels/roll-your-own-ryo-vc-sequencer/"}}{\fldrslt \shad\shadx20\shady-20\shadr20\shado255 \shadc0 @Grayscale}} {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://web.archive.org/web/20200129120429/http://synthcube.com/cart/index.php?route=product/product&path=91_94&product_id=434"}}{\fldrslt \shad\shadx20\shady-20\shadr20\shado255 \shadc0 @synthCube}}
\f1\fs2 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \'a0
\f1\fs2 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \'a0
\f1\fs2 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://web.archive.org/web/20200129120429/http://ljunggrenaudio.com/vcsequencer.pdf"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\fs34 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \shad\shadx20\shady-20\shadr20\shado255 \shadc0 Download assembly manual for version 1.5 here. (3.5MB)}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://web.archive.org/web/20200129120429/http://ljunggrenaudio.com/products/VCSEQ/VC%20Sequencer%201.5%20BOM.pdf"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\fs34 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \shad\shadx20\shady-20\shadr20\shado255 \shadc0 Download BOM for version 1.5 here.}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://web.archive.org/web/20200129120429/http://ljunggrenaudio.com/products/VCSEQ/schematics/VC%20Sequencer%201.5%20Schematic.gif"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\fs34 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \shad\shadx20\shady-20\shadr20\shado255 \shadc0 Download schematics for version 1.5 here.}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs34 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \'a0
\f1\fs2 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs34 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Previous versions:
\f1\fs2 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://web.archive.org/web/20200129120429/http://ljunggrenaudio.com/products/VCSEQ/vcsequencer1.2.pdf"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\fs34 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \shad\shadx20\shady-20\shadr20\shado255 \shadc0 Download assembly manual for version 1.2 here. (3.6MB)}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://web.archive.org/web/20200129120429/http://ljunggrenaudio.com/products/VCSEQ/vcsequencer1.3.pdf"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\fs34 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \shad\shadx20\shady-20\shadr20\shado255 \shadc0 Download assembly manual for version 1.3 here. (2.7MB)}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs34 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Download schematics for version 1.2 here: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://web.archive.org/web/20200129120429/http://ljunggrenaudio.com/products/VCSEQ/schematics/VC%20Sequencer%20PCB1%20v1.22.gif"}}{\fldrslt \shad\shadx20\shady-20\shadr20\shado255 \shadc0 PCB1}} {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://web.archive.org/web/20200129120429/http://ljunggrenaudio.com/products/VCSEQ/schematics/VC%20Sequencer%20PCB2%20v1.22.gif"}}{\fldrslt \shad\shadx20\shady-20\shadr20\shado255 \shadc0 PCB2}} {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://web.archive.org/web/20200129120429/http://ljunggrenaudio.com/products/VCSEQ/schematics/VC%20Sequencer%20PCB3%20v1.2.gif"}}{\fldrslt \shad\shadx20\shady-20\shadr20\shado255 \shadc0 PCB3}}
\f1\fs2 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs34 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Download schematics for version 1.3 here: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://web.archive.org/web/20200129120429/http://ljunggrenaudio.com/products/VCSEQ/schematics/VC%20Sequencer%20PCB1%20v1.22.gif"}}{\fldrslt \shad\shadx20\shady-20\shadr20\shado255 \shadc0 PCB1}} {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://web.archive.org/web/20200129120429/http://ljunggrenaudio.com/products/VCSEQ/schematics/VC%20Sequencer%20PCB2%20v1.3.gif"}}{\fldrslt \shad\shadx20\shady-20\shadr20\shado255 \shadc0 PCB2}} {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://web.archive.org/web/20200129120429/http://ljunggrenaudio.com/products/VCSEQ/schematics/VC%20Sequencer%20PCB3%20v1.3.gif"}}{\fldrslt \shad\shadx20\shady-20\shadr20\shado255 \shadc0 PCB3}}
\f1\fs2 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Both version 1.2 and 1.3 share the same {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://web.archive.org/web/20200129120429/http://ljunggrenaudio.com/products/VCSEQ/schematics/VC%20Sequencer%20PCB1%20v1.22.gif"}}{\fldrslt \shad\shadx20\shady-20\shadr20\shado255 \shadc0 PCB1}}.
\f1\fs2 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \'a0
\f1\fs2 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs30 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \'a0
\f1\b0\fs2 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \

\f2\b\fs30 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Basic specifications
\f1\b0\fs2 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Width: 10hp
\f1\fs2 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Depth with power cable attached: Less than 45 mm.
\f1\fs2 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Power version 1.2: +28 mA / -11 mA
\f1\fs2 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Power version 1.3: +22 mA / -11 mA
\f1\fs2 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Power version 1.5: +22 mA / -11 mA
\f1\fs2 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \'a0
\f1\fs2 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \'a0
\f1\fs2 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \'a0
\f1\fs2 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \'a0
\f1\fs2 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \'a0
\f1\fs2 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs40 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Trig Xpander 
\fs32 (for VC Sequencer)
\f1\b0\fs2 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \'a0
\f1\fs2 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://web.archive.org/web/20200129120429/http://ljunggrenaudio.com/trigxpander.pdf"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\fs34 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \shad\shadx20\shady-20\shadr20\shado255 \shadc0 Download assembly manual for version 1.2 here. (1.4MB)}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \'a0
\f1\fs2 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 This will give your VC Sequencer 8 individual outputs for each step outputting either a trigger or a gate, selectable with a jumper on the pcb, and a 9th output that gives you a trigger for each step progression.
\f1\fs2 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \'a0
\f1\fs2 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Also on board is a trimmer for setting the trigger length to your liking (ca 1-20 ms). Usually you wan't to set this as low as possible to reach higher rates. Different trig lengths can give a different sound from pinging filters or striking lowpassgates. Some vintage gear also require longer trigs. The gates are high for the full duration of each step.
\f1\fs2 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \'a0
\f1\fs2 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 The outputs are diode isolated, this allows for passive mixing of the outputs using a passive multiple/stackcable/IV cable, or a switched multiple/OR combiner such as the Doepfer A-182 or Low-Gain Short Bus.
\f1\fs2 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \'a0
\f1\fs2 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 The kit comes supplied with two PCBs (one with a v-cut that you break into two), front panel (PCB material), component kit, power and expansion cables and mounting screws. Solder and tools are not supplied.
\f1\fs2 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \'a0
\f1\fs2 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs30 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Grayscale panel
\f0\b0  preorder open: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://web.archive.org/web/20200129120429/http://grayscale.info/panels/roll-your-own-ryo-vc-sequencer-trig-expander/"}}{\fldrslt \shad\shadx20\shady-20\shadr20\shado255 \shadc0 @Grayscale}}
\f1\fs2 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \'a0
\f1\fs2 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Recommended Retail Price in SEK excl. VAT/sales tax.
\f1\fs2 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 SEK 769 for an assembled Trig Xpander
\f1\fs2 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 SEK 527 for the DIY kit
\f1\fs2 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 SEK 152 for PCB only*
\f1\fs2 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 SEK 92 for panel only*
\f1\fs2 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \'a0
\f1\fs2 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://web.archive.org/web/20200129120429/http://ljunggrenaudio.com/products/TRIGXPAND/RYO%20Trig%20Xpander%201.1%20Assembly%20Manual.pdf"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\fs34 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \shad\shadx20\shady-20\shadr20\shado255 \shadc0 Download assembly manual for version 1.1 here. (1.2MB)}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://web.archive.org/web/20200129120429/http://ljunggrenaudio.com/products/TRIGXPAND/trigxpander1.1schematics.gif"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\fs34 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \shad\shadx20\shady-20\shadr20\shado255 \shadc0 Download schematics for version 1.1 here.}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \'a0
\f1\fs2 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://web.archive.org/web/20200129120429/http://ljunggrenaudio.com/products/TRIGXPAND/RYO%20Trig%20Xpander%201.2%20Assembly%20Manual.pdf"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\fs34 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \shad\shadx20\shady-20\shadr20\shado255 \shadc0 Download assembly manual for version 1.2 here. (1.4MB)}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://web.archive.org/web/20200129120429/http://ljunggrenaudio.com/products/TRIGXPAND/Trig%20Xpander%201.2%20schematic.gif"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\fs34 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \shad\shadx20\shady-20\shadr20\shado255 \shadc0 Download schematics for version 1.2 here.}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \'a0
\f1\fs2 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs30 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Basic specifications
\f1\b0\fs2 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Width: 4hp
\f1\fs2 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Depth: 45 mm
\f1\fs2 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Power: +12 mA / -0 mA
\f1\fs2 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \'a0
\f1\fs2 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \'a0
\f1\fs2 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs22 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 * Regarding our PCB/panel only offerings, please note that these are mainly offered due to popular demand from the experienced DIY community. Hence we are counting on that you know what you are doing and how to source parts. If you feel the least bit uncertain, please consider going for the kit.
\f1\fs2 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs40 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Penta
\f1\b0\fs2 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \'a0
\f1\fs2 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://web.archive.org/web/20200129120429/http://ljunggrenaudio.com/penta.pdf"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\fs34 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \shad\shadx20\shady-20\shadr20\shado255 \shadc0 Download assembly manual here. (2.1MB)}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs22 \cf4 \cb3 \'a0
\f1\fs2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 The RYO Penta is a compact 4hp 5 step sequencer for eurorack that's easy to build and low cost, without compromising on our usual quality standards such as buffered output, schmitt triggers on inputs and reverse polarity protection.
\f1\fs2 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \'a0
\f1\fs2 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 It is great for simpler sequencer tasks such as basslines and arpeggios, transposing sequences, filter cutoff or anything where a repeating stepped modulation is wanted for adding movement to the sounds you're making.
\f1\fs2 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \'a0
\f1\fs2 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Sending a clock to the CLK input will progress the sequence, the Penta has 5 minishaft potentiometers for adjusting each of the 5 steps voltages, ranging from 0 to +5V. A pattern length switch is available for selecting 3, 4 or 5 steps pattern length, this can of course also be set by using an external gate or trig into the RST (Reset) input.
\f1\fs2 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \'a0
\f1\fs2 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 We've also added a bonus for the more seasoned builders in the form of +5V GATE output solder pads for each of the sequencers 5 steps, as well as an input pad for HOLD which will lock the sequence to the active step as long as a gate is present. Info on how to perform a homebrew expansion can be found on the last page in the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://web.archive.org/web/20200129120429/http://ljunggrenaudio.com/penta.pdf"}}{\fldrslt \shad\shadx20\shady-20\shadr20\shado255 \shadc0 assembly manual}}.
\f1\fs2 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://web.archive.org/web/20200129120429/http://ljunggrenaudio.com/penta.pdf"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs34 \cf7 \strokec7 \shad\shadx20\shady-20\shadr20\shado255 \shadc0 Download assembly manual here. (2.1MB)}}
\f1\fs2 \cf4 \strokec4 \
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://web.archive.org/web/20200129120429/http://ljunggrenaudio.com/products/PENTA/Penta%201.0%20schematics.gif"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\fs34 \cf2 \strokec2 \shad\shadx20\shady-20\shadr20\shado255 \shadc0 Download schematics here.}}\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://web.archive.org/web/20200129120429/http://ljunggrenaudio.com/products/penta%20modifications.html"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\fs34 \cf2 \strokec2 \shad\shadx20\shady-20\shadr20\shado255 \shadc0 Modifications to Penta can be found here.}}\

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \strokec2 \'a0
\f1\fs2 \cf4 \strokec4 \

\f2\b\fs30 \cf2 \strokec2 Basic specifications
\f1\b0\fs2 \cf4 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \strokec2 Width: 4hp
\f1\fs2 \cf4 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \strokec2 Depth with power cable attached: 39 mm.
\f1\fs2 \cf4 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \strokec2 Power: +6 mA / -1 mA
\f1\fs2 \cf4 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \strokec2 \'a0
\f1\fs2 \cf4 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb1 \
}